the tube talks galera
Here is who Gustavo Henrique speaks today.
I wanted to tell you that the best
show you what ex1 2001 is to
my newest invention that basically
an inexpensive electric
the module already made an electric bargain
only the big giant version that I did
a brush one little engine of the Emperor
playstation and playstation 2 controller
9-volt battery and a power button
turn off is also to connect better
famousi clip used here is the
know how to do is basically the
same flashlight system but in the
place of the led is the little engine so I go
leave the flashlight video link
in the description of the video below that's it
that I wanted to show which obviously in
operation was also lacking.
with the half-moon
the wine engine it will shake instead of
even the billed Ebola or the
cool little frame stay together until
more just kidding around him like
right neco is easy to make a
simple actually seems to look like
difficult but it 's really easy
It's very cool to fall into the electric ballad.
with the most appropriate name and from Portela
x 2 thousand and 2 thousand hours was required to
give yourself to the law what is is the vibrator o
5 scoop with hot glue and the
button to stay on the
place and the battery I never looked with glue
hot as each battery runs out of here
Some time I can change, right?
hence the collective video tape below
because when you change the battery more
it would be a time it is provoking in tone
vilsack children show the galley if
like in indy hollow video click
liked it
If you really like the video, add the
booklet publishes the channel to help
Thank you very much for coming.
staying here was worth and spoke to
next goodbye